TODO.md, before:

# DailyPal TODO

### Frontend
- [ ] Refactor Modal component
  - [ ] Deal with 'window is not defined' error
  - [ ] Deal with 'visible, non-interactive elements with an on:click event must be accompanied by an on:keydown, on:keyup, or on:keypress event.' warning  

- [ ] Implement ComboBoxComponent  

- [ ] Modules  

  - [ ] Todo module  
    - [ ] Todo CRUD  
    - [ ] Delete completed todos after X time (specified by user)  
    - [ ] Nested todos  

  - [ ] Time spent module  

  - [ ] Streaks module

  - [ ] Finances  
    - [ ] FinanceSources CRUD  
    - [ ] Ask user for confirmation when deleting  
    - [ ] Transactions CRUD  

  - [ ] Fitness  
    - [ ] Implement charts for FitnessMeasurements  

- [ ] Components  
  - [ ] Todo component  
  - [X] Streak component  
  - [ ] Finance component  
  - [X] Fitness component  

- [ ] Check Prisma and potentially rewrite models

### Styling

- [ ] Find some temporary ready to go css styles
- [ ] Navbar icons

### Misc

- [ ] Write proper README
- [ ] Prepare for deployment on Netlify (install adapter https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapter-netlify)
- [ ] Prepare app for multi-user possibilities
- [ ] IMPORTANT: User register validation (https://youtu.be/E3VG-dLCRUk?t=832)

### In Progress



### Done ✓

Commit message:

Passing user data to other pages

TODO.md, after:

# DailyPal TODO

### Backend

- [ ] Check why login result feedback is not showing up  
- [ ] Check Prisma and potentially rewrite models  

### Frontend
- [ ] Refactor Modal component
  - [ ] Deal with 'window is not defined' error
  - [ ] Deal with 'visible, non-interactive elements with an on:click event must be accompanied by an on:keydown, on:keyup, or on:keypress event.' warning  

- [ ] Implement ComboBoxComponent  

- [ ] Modules  

  - [ ] Todo module  
    - [ ] Todo CRUD  
    - [ ] Delete completed todos after X time (specified by user)  
    - [ ] Nested todos  

  - [ ] Time spent module  

  - [ ] Streaks module

  - [ ] Finances  
    - [ ] FinanceSources CRUD  
    - [ ] Ask user for confirmation when deleting  
    - [ ] Transactions CRUD  

  - [ ] Fitness  
    - [ ] Implement charts for FitnessMeasurements  

- [ ] Components  
  - [ ] Todo component  
  - [X] Streak component  
  - [ ] Finance component  
  - [X] Fitness component  

- [ ] *Move user login, registration and logout to separate route


### Styling

- [ ] Find some temporary ready to go css styles
- [ ] Navbar icons

### Misc

- [ ] Write proper README
- [ ] Prepare for deployment on Netlify (install adapter https://kit.svelte.dev/docs/adapter-netlify)
- [ ] Prepare app for multi-user possibilities
- [ ] IMPORTANT: User register validation (https://youtu.be/E3VG-dLCRUk?t=832)

### In Progress



### Done ✓
